Push SHOULD precede reference (#2704)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-http.md

The header of the request message is carried by a PUSH_PROMISE frame (see
{{frame-push-promise}}) on the request stream which generated the push. This
allows the server push to be associated with a client request.  Promised
requests MUST conform to the requirements in Section 8.2 of {{!HTTP2}}.

The same server push can be associated with additional client requests using a
DUPLICATE_PUSH frame (see {{frame-duplicate-push}}).

Ordering of a PUSH_PROMISE or DUPLICATE_PUSH in relation to certain parts of the
response is important. The server SHOULD send PUSH_PROMISE or DUPLICATE_PUSH

> frames prior to sending any frames that reference the promised responses.  This

Reviewer: Presumably this includes DATA frames that include a reference? Is it worth calling that out explicitly?

Author: Either HEADERS or DATA, which are all the frame types you would expect to be interleaved with.

Reviewer 2: Suggesting a change, since Jana and I had the same comment :)

> frames prior to sending any frames that reference the promised responses.  This

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
frames prior to sending HEADERS or DATA frames that reference the promised responses.  This
```

The header of the request message is carried by a PUSH_PROMISE frame (see
{{frame-push-promise}}) on the request stream which generated the push. This
allows the server push to be associated with a client request.  Promised
requests MUST conform to the requirements in Section 8.2 of {{!HTTP2}}.

The same server push can be associated with additional client requests using a
DUPLICATE_PUSH frame (see {{frame-duplicate-push}}).

Ordering of a PUSH_PROMISE or DUPLICATE_PUSH in relation to certain parts of the
response is important. The server SHOULD send PUSH_PROMISE or DUPLICATE_PUSH

> frames prior to sending any frames that reference the promised responses.  This

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
frames prior to sending any DATA frames that reference the promised responses.  This
```

Author: Could be HEADERS frames, too.  (Link headers, for example.)

> avoids a race where clients issue requests prior to receiving any PUSH_PROMISE

Reviewer 3: This ensures that clients do not issue a request for resources that will be pushed by the server.
